chore: add docs for root execution context (#727)
mineiros-io/terramate: docs/codegen/overview.md

to other tools, like Terraform.

Different code generation strategies will be provided in the future to support
each integration scenario in the best way possible. 

Currently, we support:

* [HCL generation](./generate-hcl.md) with stack [context](#generation-context).
* [File generation](./generate-file.md) with `root` and `stack` [context](#generation-context).

# Generation Context

> The Terramate code generation supports two execution context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code generation supports two execution contexts:
```

- stack: generates code relative to the stack where it's defined.
- root: generates code outside of stacks.

The `stack` context gives access to all code generation features, like:

* [Globals](../sharing-data.md#globals)
* [All Metadata](../sharing-data.md#metadata)
* [Functions](../functions.md)
* [Lets](#lets)
* [Assertions](#assertions)

But the `root` context gives access to:

* [Project Metadata](../sharing-data.md#project-metadata)
* [Functions](../functions.md)
* [Lets](#lets)

If not specified otherwise, the default generation context is `stack`.

> For the `generate_hcl` there's no way to change the `context` and it's always
> of type `stack` but the `generate_file` has a `context` attribute which you can explicit change it to `root`. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `generate_hcl` block doesn't support changing the `context`, it will always be
of type `stack`. The `generate_file` block supports the `context` attribute which you can explicit change to `root`.
Example:
```

```hcl
generate_file "/file.txt" {
    context = root
    content = "something"
}
```

# Labels

All code generation blocks use labels to identify the block and define where
the generated code will be saved but they have different constraints depending
on the [generation context](#generation-context).

For `stack` context, the labels must follow the constraints below:

* It is a relative path in the form `<dir>/<filename>` or just `<filename>`
* It is always defined with `/` independent on the OS you are working on
* It does not contain `../` (code can only be generated inside the stack)
* It does not start with `./`
* It is not a symbolic link
* It is not a stack
* It is unique on the whole hierarchy of a stack

For `root` context, the constraints are:

* It is an absolute path in the form `/<dir>/<filename>` or just `/<filename>`.
* It is always defined with `/` independent on the OS you are working on
* It does not contain `../` (code can only be generated inside the project root)
* It is not a symbolic link
* It is not a stack

> * It is unique on the whole hierarchy for all blocks with condition=true.

Reviewer: Maybe add "for all blocks with condition=true" also on the stack context docs (sorry I missed that).

# Assertions

> Assertions can be only used when the [generation context](#generation-context) is

Reviewer: Hmm very subjective, so feel free to disregard, but it seems to me that it would be better to explain assertions and then after the explanation mention that they are limited to context=stack (instead of it being the first piece of information).

Author: fixed
